Terms when describing amounts:
	Primary stats: should have a large impact in calculations (multiplier of 0.8 to 1.1)
	Minor stats: should have a small impact in calculations (multiplier of 0.1 to 0.3)
	Hard: Value cannot be lowered or increased beyond stated value by any means.
	Soft: Initial value cannot be greater or less than stated value, but can be increased or decreased by effects during combat.
Other terms outside of Attributes:
	Minor: between 1% to 3% effect.
	Moderate: between 3% to 5% effect.
	Major: 5% to 10% effect.
	Immense: 15% effect.
	Crazy amounts: 25% effect


All actors should have the following attributes: 
	Resources: Health, Mana, Spell Shield, Stamina, Action Points, Skill points, Movement Points
	Statistical: Strength, Intelligence, Dexterity, Vitality, Luck, Speed
	Other: Bravery, Faith, Defense, Protection, Race, Gender, Job, Level, Job Level, Experience

Resources:
	Health: 
		health cannot exceed 100% of max health.
		health < 25%, the unit enters a specific state based off their bravery and faith.
			if bravery > 75 or faith > 75, unit enters 'berzerk' or 'enlightened' state, respectively.
			if bravery < 25 and faith < 25, unit enters 'frantic' state.
			all other cases, unit enters 'desperation' state.
		health <= 0, the unit enters the 'unconcious' state unless a modifier states otherwise.
	Mana:
		mana can exceed 100% of max mana.
		mana > 100%, the unit gains 'mana burn' state.
		mana < 10%, the unit gains 'weakened' state.
		mana <= 0, unit gains 'drained' state.
		receives minor bonus to generation from int.
	Stamina:
		stamina value has a hard minimum of 0 and a maximum of 100.
		stamina cannot exceed 100% max stamina.
		stamina <= 0, unit gains 'tired' and 'drained' state.
		regenerates by 50% per turn.
		receives minor bonus to generation from brv and vit.
	Action Points (AP):
		AP = 100, unit is added onto the queue to take their turn.
		After unit has completed their turn, AP is set to either 0, 15, or 30.
	Skill Points (SP):
		SP cannot exceed 100% of max SP.
		SP is expended when the actor learns a new skill.
	Movement Points(mov):
		Standard Forward movement costs 1 point.
		Standard Sideways movement costs 1.5 points.
		Standard Backwards movement costs 2 points.


Statistical:
	All statistical attributes have a hard minimum of 1, and a soft maximum of 30.
	Strength (str):
		str is primarily used to calculate physical attacks, critical damage.
		str provite minor amounts of stamina resource.
		provides bonus modifier to strength-related actions.
	Intelligence (int):
		int is primarily used to calculate magic attacks, and bonus mana-resource.
		provides bonus modifier to critical chance.
		provides bonus modifier to intelligence-related actions.
	Dexterity (dex):
		dex is primarily used to calculate accuracy, and evasion.
		dex provides moderate amounts of stamina resource.
		provides bonus modifier to dexterity-related actions.
	Vitality (vit):
		vit is primarily used to calculate defence, resistance and bonus health-resource.
		vit provides a minor bonus to stamina resource generation.
	Luck:
		luck modifies the randomness that may occur in any action that requires randomization.
		luck provides a minor or moderate modifier to all actions.
	Speed:
		speed determines the rate AP is accrued per 'tick'.
		provides bonus modifier to any speed-related action.

Other:
	Bravery (BRV):
		brv is a modifier that increases physical melee attacks and actions.
		brv increases success rate for defending against intimidation related ailments.
		brv increases stamina resource generation.
	Faith (FTH):
		fth is a modifier that increases the potency of incoming and outgoing magic attacks and actions.
		fth increases casting speed and mana resource generation.
	Defense (def):
		minimum damage reduction from def is 0
		reduces incoming damage by the value in def.
		maximum damage reduction is 50% of incoming damage.
	Protection (prot):
		minimum damage reduction from prot is 0%
		maximum damage reduction from prot is 15%
		reduces incoming damage by prot as a percent
	Race:
		defines whether the actor is human, animal, lizard person, you name it.
	Gender:
		defines whether actor is male, female, or 'its complicated'
	Job:
		job represents the actor's assigned job.
		job may change upon meeting specific requirements.
	Level (lv):
		lv always begins at 1.
		lv cannot exceed 99.
			any jlv that contributes attribute bonuses beyond lv 99 is voided
		lv determines the actor's accumulated job levels.
		lv may be used in calculations for certain actions or attacks
	Job Level (jlv):
		jlv always begins at 1.
		jlv cannot exceed 30.
		jlv determines the actor's level for a specific job.
		jlv contributes Resource and Statistical attribute points based on the given job.
			if lv >= 99, jlv will no longer contribute bonus attribute points.
		jlb may be used in calculations for certain actions or attacks
	Experience (exp):
		exp begins at 0.
		minimum exp gained is 5
		maximum exp gained is 15
		exp gained is determined by 10 + (other.level - self.level)
			if (exp + newly gained exp) >= 100
				jlv increases by 1, exp reset to 0
